Update common KBs (#141)
Ostorlab/KB: MOBILE_CLIENT/COMMON/_HIGH/INSECURE_HOSTNAME_VALIDATION/recommendation.md

To ensure a safe validation of the hostname, consider the implementations below.

> 1. Implement Regular Expression (Regex) Validation: Instead of using simple methods like `startsWith` or `endsWith`, opt for regular expressions to perform thorough hostname validation. Regex patterns can allow for precise matching criteria.

Author: That would depend on their implementation, whether they're validating, a domain, subdomain, TLD...

> 1. Implement Regular Expression (Regex) Validation: Instead of using simple methods like `startsWith` or `endsWith`, opt for regular expressions to perform thorough hostname validation. Regex patterns can allow for precise matching criteria.

Reviewer: Add an example for the subdomain case since it is the most common and most secure.

2. Consider Standardized Validation Libraries: Utilize established libraries or frameworks that offer robust hostname validation functionalities. These libraries are often well-maintained and regularly updated to address potential security flaws.

> 3. Implement Whitelisting: If the you have a limited number of whitelisted hosts, consider implementing a whitelist approach where only known and trusted hostnames are accepted by the application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Implement Whitelisting: If you have a limited number of whitelisted hosts, consider implementing a whitelist approach where only known and trusted hostnames are accepted by the application. 
```

> 3. Implement Whitelisting: If the you have a limited number of whitelisted hosts, consider implementing a whitelist approach where only known and trusted hostnames are accepted by the application. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Implement Whitelisting: if you have a limited number of whitelisted hosts, consider implementing a whitelist approach where only known and trusted host names are accepted by the application. 
```

Author: `hostname` is the technical keyword
